[doc] fix profiling.rst for the profiling (#43615)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/ray-contribute/profiling.rst

  sudo apt-get install google-perftools libgoogle-perftools-dev

You may need to install ``graphviz`` for ``pprof`` to generate flame graphs.

.. code-block:: bash
  
  sudo apt-get install graphviz

> Launching the CPU Profiling and set to-profile binary file

Reviewer: Let's change the sections to 

```
CPU Profiling
-------------

xxxxxx

Visualizing the CPU profile
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

xxxxxx

Memory Profiling
-----------------

xxxxx

Visualizing the Memory profile
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

xxxxx
```

?

Author: Changed, you can check.

  sudo apt-get install google-perftools libgoogle-perftools-dev

You may need to install ``graphviz`` for ``pprof`` to generate flame graphs.

.. code-block:: bash
  
  sudo apt-get install graphviz

> CPU Profiling

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
CPU profiling
```

-------------

If you want to launch Ray in profiling mode and profile raylet, define the following variables:

.. code-block:: bash

  export PERFTOOLS_PATH=/usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/libprofiler.so
  export PERFTOOLS_LOGFILE=/tmp/pprof.out
  export RAY_RAYLET_PERFTOOLS_PROFILER=1

The file ``/tmp/pprof.out`` will be empty until you let the binary run the
target workload for a while and then ``kill`` it via ``ray stop`` or by
letting the driver exit. 

Note: Enabling `RAY_RAYLET_PERFTOOLS_PROFILER` allows profiling of the Raylet component. 

> If you wish to profile other modules, you should utilize `RAY_{MODULE}_PERFTOOLS_PROFILER`,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To profile other modules, use `RAY_{MODULE}_PERFTOOLS_PROFILER`,
```

where `MODULE` represents the uppercase form of the process type, such as `GCS_SERVER`.

Visualizing the CPU profile
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> The output of ``pprof`` can be visualized in many ways. Here we output it as a

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can visualize the output of ``pprof`` in different ways. Below, the output is a
```

zoomable ``.svg`` image displaying the call graph annotated with hot paths.

.. code-block:: bash

  # Use the appropriate path.
  RAYLET=ray/python/ray/core/src/ray/raylet/raylet

  google-pprof -svg $RAYLET /tmp/pprof.out > /tmp/pprof.svg
  # Then open the .svg file with Chrome.

  # If you realize the call graph is too large, use -focus=<some function> to zoom
  # into subtrees.
  google-pprof -focus=epoll_wait -svg $RAYLET /tmp/pprof.out > /tmp/pprof.svg

> Here's a snapshot of an example svg output, taken from the official

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Below is a snapshot of an example SVG output, from the official
```

documentation:

.. image:: http://goog-perftools.sourceforge.net/doc/pprof-test-big.gif

> Memory Profiling

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Memory profiling
```

----------------

> If you want to run memory profiling on Ray core components, you can use Jemalloc (https://github.com/jemalloc/jemalloc).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To run memory profiling on Ray core components, use Jemalloc (https://github.com/jemalloc/jemalloc).
```

  cd jemalloc-5.2.1 
  ./configure --enable-prof --enable-prof-libunwind 
  make
  make install

>   # set jemalloc configs through MALLOC_CONF env variable

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  # Set jemalloc configs through MALLOC_CONF env variable.
```

>   # read http://jemalloc.net/jemalloc.3.html#opt.lg_prof_interval

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  # Read http://jemalloc.net/jemalloc.3.html#opt.lg_prof_interval.
```

>   # You should be able to see the following logs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  # You should see the following logs.
```

  2021-10-20 19:45:08,175	INFO services.py:622 -- Jemalloc profiling will be used for gcs_server. env vars: {'LD_PRELOAD': '/Users/sangbincho/jemalloc-5.2.1/lib/libjemalloc.so', 'MALLOC_CONF': 'prof:true,lg_prof_interval:33,lg_prof_sample:17,prof_final:true,prof_leak:true'}

> Visualizing the Memory profile

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Visualizing the memory profile
```

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> The output files will be at the path where we call "ray start".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The output files are at the path where you call "ray start".
```

> A example of profile file is "jeprof.15786.0.f.heap", then we can use following commands to generate the .svg plot.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For the example of profile file "jeprof.15786.0.f.heap", use following commands to generate the .svg plot.
```

.. code-block:: bash

  # Use the appropriate path.
  RAYLET=ray/python/ray/core/src/ray/raylet/raylet

  sudo jeprof $RAYLET jeprof.15786.0.f.heap --svg > /tmp/prof.svg
  # Then open the .svg file with Chrome.

> Running Microbenchmarks

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Running microbenchmarks
```

- The `pprof documentation <http://goog-perftools.sourceforge.net/doc/cpu_profiler.html>`_.
- A `Go version of pprof <https://github.com/google/pprof>`_.

> - The `gperftools <https://github.com/gperftools/gperftools>`_, including libprofiler, tcmalloc, and other goodies.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The `gperftools <https://github.com/gperftools/gperftools>`_, including libprofiler, tcmalloc, and other useful tools.
```
